---
title: Terms
---

### Apilytics terms of service

<br />

These terms ("Terms") govern the use of Apilytics ("We", "Service").

When you use our service, now or in the future, you are agreeing to the latest
Terms. If you do not agree to these Terms, you must not use our service.
Violation of the terms below may result in immediate termination of your
account.

<br />

#### 1. Account terms

You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account. We are not
liable for any damage caused by your failure to maintain the security of your
account.

You are responsible for any activity that occurs under your account, even if
someone else is using your account.

You may not use our service for any illegal purpose or to violate any laws in
your jurisdiction.

You must provide your account name and a valid email address in order to sign up
to the Service.

Apilytics should not be considered to be a backup service, and we are not
responsible for data loss occurring for any reason.

Accounts registered by bots or other automated methods are not permitted.

<br />

#### 2. Account deletion and termination

You are solely responsible for deleting your account. You can permananently
delete your account by contacting us.

You can choose to delete your account and all of your data. All of your data
will be permanently deleted along with you account.

We reserve the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse your use of
the Service for any reason at any time. Such termination of the Service will
result in the deactivation or deletion of your account or your access to your
account and application metrics. We reserve the right to refuse the use of the
Service from anyone for any reason at any time.

<br />

#### 3. Modifications to the service

We reserve the right at any time to modify or remove any part of the service
without notice.

<br />

#### 4. Content ownership, copyright and trademark

You are solely responsible for any data that you use with the Service.

We claim no intellectual property rights over the data to the service. All
rights to your data remains with you.

We own all rights to use and incorporate the feedback you provide in any way,
without payment or attribution to you.

<br />

#### 5. Privacy and security of your data

You agree that we may process your data as described in our privacy policy.

You agree to comply with all applicable laws including all privacy and data
protection regulations.

You agree not to send any sensitive to the Service. Prohibited sensitive
information includes but is not limited to personal data, personally
identifiable information, or any other information that may be considered
private and confidential.

<br />

#### 6. Liability

We shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any direct, indirect,
incidental, special, consequential, punitive, or exemplary damages, or lost
profits.

These Terms shall be governed by the laws of Finland.

<br />

#### 7. Can these terms be updated?

We may make updates to these Terms. The changes will take effect once we have
published the updated Terms. If we make changes to the intents of these Terms,
we announce them in our <Link href={routes.changelog}>changelog</Link>.

<br />

#### 8. Who can I contact about issues related to these terms?

<EmailLink />

<br />
<br />

Last updated: 2022-02-25.
